("Carrie")
♪ When lights go down ♪
♪ I see no reason ♪
♪ For you to cry ♪
♪ We've been through this before ♪
♪ In every time ♪
♪ In every season ♪
♪ God knows I've tried ♪
♪ So please don't ask for more ♪
♪ Can't you see it in my eyes ♪
♪ That this might be our last goodbye ♪
♪ Carrie ♪
♪ Things they change my friend, whoa oh ♪
♪ Maybe we'll meet again ♪
♪ Somewhere ♪
♪ Again ♪
♪ I read your mind ♪
♪ With no intentions ♪
♪ Of being unkind ♪
♪ I wish I could explain ♪
♪ It all takes time ♪
♪ Whole lot of patience ♪
♪ If it's a crime, how
come I feel no pain ♪
♪ Can't you see it in my eyes ♪
♪ That this might be our last goodbye ♪
♪ Oh ho ho ♪
♪ Carrie ♪
♪ Oh, things they change my friend ♪
♪ Whoa oh ♪
♪ Carrie ♪
♪ Maybe we'll meet again ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Can't you see it in my eyes ♪
♪ That this might be our last goodbye ♪
♪ Oh ho ho ♪
♪ Carrie ♪
♪ Oh, things they change ♪
♪ Carrie, Carrie, Carrie ♪
♪ Oh ho ho ♪
♪ Carrie ♪
♪ Maybe we'll meet again ♪
♪ Oh, somewhere ♪
♪ Again ♪
♪ When lights go down ♪